Well, time to begin our
mission to save Chrome.
The mission objectives are simple.
First, we break down Chrome's bamboo
prison with the powered-up Steam Gorilla.
Then we run.
That is all.
It's so simple.
Well, if they found out,
it'd give them a chance to prepare.
The Steam Gorilla's a
one-time-use disposable.
Senku-chan has no trouble letting go of things.
We can't trash our adorable Steam Gorilla!
We don't have much time, though.
This is Chrome we're talking about.
At some point, he's going to run his mouth.
I'm a science user!
Colorful flames!
Running his mouth
like hell...
We may already be too late.
Yeah, I bet.
Let's get ready to set out immediately.
Yeah!
Senku would never abandon one of his own.
He'll undoubtedly use weapons
of science to save Chrome.
For example, a bombardment by steam engine.
That's why we need your strength.
My strength?
I know about you. I interviewed you before.
You won in the baton category at
the police martial arts competition.
You're a crazy-strong, crazy police officer.
Mm.
Could I ask you to manage the prison
and the traps in its vicinity, Yo?
Piece of cake, yo.
Woo! Leave it to me, Yo-kun.
I'll use the prisoner as bait to take down
Senku and all of his baddie buddies!
Yay.
I'm going to escape on my own before
Senku and the others come to help me,
with science user Chrome's
awesome science power.
How am I supposed to break out, though?
All my science stuff got
taken away when I got caught.
The walls and ground are
too hard to dig through.
What if I spend several days
grinding down the rope that
holds the bamboo bars together?
No, that's never going to work.
What would Senku do in this situation?
I need to calculate a way to escape.
Damn it!
Of course not.
I can't just imitate Senku.
And boom!
What do you expect?
What do you want me to do?
You ruined one of the pit traps.
No pleading innocence.
Okay, all done.
We're good now.
S-Sorry, Yo-kun.
Spare me the apologies. We're good now.
In fact, if anyone gives you any
more trouble, I'll make them pay.
This new world's nice and simple.
Thank you, sir, for helping
us wipe our slate clean.
Oh, sure.
I'm not going to the slammer
just for evading taxes.
These are for you.
These are tasty-looking steamed buns indeed.
Let me pour you a drink.
Thank you.
And boom!
What?!
I found the baddies!
Arrest them!
Bastards!
And boom!
Boom!
A criminal ran away.
So I shot him.
Did I do something wrong?
A trial? That's a pain in the ass.
He's a bad guy. Just kill him.
Boom!
Central Police Station
You're fired!
I had no future in the old world.
Hooray for the reset, y'know?
Is he the prison boss type?
This seems kinda bad.
I don't think I can get
anything done in front of him.
I could make it to the
top in this stone world.
You know how the three people
at the pinnacle of humanity right now
are Tsukasa, Hyoga, and Ukyo, right?
Wrong!
It's the four emperors, myself included.
So I gotta put on a good
show and take my throne.
Once I'm at the top...
To that end, I'm going to use that captive
primitive to lure... Senku, was it?
Boom! Right into a pit trap
with all of his buddies.
I'm going to make this work
if it's the last thing I do.
Are you sure?
Huh?
I mean, I'm pretty sure he heard your plan.
Who cares?
He can't contact his friends or anything.
Don't sweat it.
Besides, he's just a primitive.
Who are you calling a
flimsy, dumbass primitive?!
Huh? I never said all that, did I?
I'm going to make you regret it!
Damn it!
I may be a primitive from their perspective,
but just watch me make
my escape with science!
There's no point in mulling
it over forever in my head.
I'm not as good as Senku.
First, I need to gather materials.
That's what I'm best at.
Less thinking, more action.
Search.
That's where my science begins.
What's up, man?
Are you that interested in
seeing me take a dump?
Shut up!
Go get it done already!
All right, this is my loot.
Do I have anything I can
use to make an escape?
Dead shepherd's
purse
Dandelions
Sorrel
Dried branches
Dried shiso
Sorrel
Yes! I found it!
A four-leaf clover!
I hunted these things like crazy with Ruri.
Good times!
Wait, no!
How am I supposed to escape
with just grasses and twigs?!
Twigs...
It'll work.
If I can set fire to the ropes
binding the bamboo together...
I can do this!
I can't do it.
There's no way I'm starting
a fire with these branches.
Fire...
Damn it!
If only I had a battery...
They took it away when they searched me.
Zzz...
Holy crap!
How do I have a battery?
I get it!
It's from those two, Taiju and Yuzuriha!
Thank you for sneaking this in for me!
Let's get started, then.
I have to escape during the night.
Hook the positive and negative
of the battery together...
I saw a spark!
It's a fire!
I smell a match!
And what was that sound?!
Yo, primitive.
Did you really think we
wouldn't notice a fire?
How did you even light it?
I-I'm not telling you!
Don't underestimate a science user!
Damn it, he's going to find out.
He's going to find my battery!
Ah, you found some twigs
and rubbed them together.
Thanks for your hard work, man.
I'm saved.
I was lucky I had this stuff with me.
Hang on, sorry.
Is this what you mean when you call
yourself a science user, Primitive-kun?
No, I shouldn't laugh at
developing peoples like that.
Sorry. Really.
Did you know?
When you rub wood together,
it gets really hot.
Rub, rub, rub... Kapoof!
Well?! That's the power of science!
Don't underestimate a science user!
Hrmph!
Crap, I can't stop laughing! Sorry...
You're too funny, Primitive-kun.
To hell with that!
I used metal! A battery!
I'm way more advanced than you...
No.
Science isn't for bragging.
Remember my goal.
In fact, I should pretend to be low-level.
Fine! I'll show you some insane science!
Don't wet yourselves!
Did you know you can boil
seawater to get salt?!
I bet you didn't!
That's amazing, science user Chrome-kun!
Sorry. Good luck.
I'm looking forward to your
seawater prison escape.
Oh, man!
Seawater prison escape?
Separate the salt water using electricity...
We have sodium hydroxide!
The yakuza use it to melt corpses.
I might be able to melt it
down with sodium hydroxide.
Those ropes shouldn't be that tough.
I have electricity.
All I need now is salt water.
Senku used seawater, but I won't
be getting any of that in prison.
Then there's only one way to make salt water!
What the hell?
Leave him be.
I can do it by myself.
How's that?
I'm breaking down the cell using
a chemically decomposed liquid.
This is the jailbreak of
Chrome the science user!
Oh, shit!
There's a bear in the prison!
There can't be a bear in the prison.
This is the BSing skill I learned from Gen!
This is the moment I've been waiting for!
The one second I needed
to escape here!
I pole vault all the time when
I'm out scavenging for materials.
That primitive knows where all the traps are!
Yo-kun!
Utterly Destroyed
Wait, why?!
How did you break through the bars?
And all of them at once!
I-It's melted!
Some kind of science?
By that primitive who was bragging
about rubbing wood together?
Damn it!
Stop!
You must be having a hard time chasing me.
Especially after you saw Yo beat the snot
out of a guy who broke one of the traps.
That's what you get for talking
shit about other people's mistakes.
He's taking advantage of the smoke.
I swiped that off of Ukyo.
Use the enemy's traps against them!
Damn it, of course you'd be the
one who's still coming after me,
Yo!
He's so fast!
Damn primitive!
I need to make it to the top of this world!
And to that end,
I need you no matter what, Chrome!
Shit!
Dead end!
Damn it, I have to fight!
Boom!
Yo, you're a total moron, aren't you?
How did you think a primitive
with a bamboo pole
could put up a fight against a
policeman with modern training?
Take your pick.
Do you want to get the crap beaten out
of you and be sent back to prison,
or do you want to get the life beaten
out of you and be sent back to prison?
No pleading innocence.
But we can call it even.
It doesn't make any difference to me.
Either way, I've only got
a few days left to live.
What the hell are you doing?
That's not the amount of blood you'd
lose from a cut in your mouth!
He's vomiting blood!
I caught it in the village.
I didn't tell anyone.
I didn't want to worry them.
It's too late for me, though.
Pneumonia.
For you scienceless bastards,
it's a deadly contagious disease.
Hey! No! Stop!
Chrome, you asshole!
Damn it!
I have just one move that
I mastered in combat.
Here it is!
Impossible!
Chrome's come home!
You escaped by yourself?!
Not bad!
I'm impressed you figured
out where our camp was.
Who the hell could figure that out?
I just went in the direction
Suika went after she scouted,
and I chose a route that might
be visible through a telescope.
Good job, Great Detective Suika-chan.
But Chrome-chan, how did you
break through the bamboo bars?
Oh, check out my awesome science!
I made that melty chemical
using salt water and a battery.
Sodium hydroxide, was it?
Wow!
Sodium hydrochlorite.
That's what you actually made, Chrome.
If you don't have a membrane in the
salt water, you discover bleach instead.
Kitchen Cleaner
Do not mix. Danger
Speeds up all your cleaning!
It's a perfectly useful base.
Nothing wrong with using that
to melt down the cellulose in
the weeds used to make rope.
That's a great way to escape
from a bamboo prison.
Well done. Ten billion points for you.
Wait, wasn't sodium hydroxide...
Yeah, meanwhile, we were using
an alkaline solution to melt down
cellulose for making paper.
So Senku and Chrome happened to
come up with the same science.
Hey, Chrome...
Why are you bleeding?
This is what happened when I was ill!
Chrome has pneumonia!
No...
Chrome!
Kidding!
What's going on, Chrome?
You have plants, too?
I've been trying them on my own body
and collecting the ones that were good.
You used this to fool your pursuers?
Yeah. I knew Senku-sensei would get it.
Sorrel
Chew up sorrel
Dried Shiso
Red shiso + sorrel (oxalic acid)
and shiso together...
Red
water
And it turns into red water!
That's awesome!
Of course shiso will turn red if you mix
it with the oxalic acid from sorrel.
Yeah!
My science is built on experience.
Not bad, science user Chrome.
Chrome doesn't really have pneumonia!
This red water looks familiar.
It's the stuff you get when
you pickle plums in shiso...
It's just umeboshi!
Damn it!
Secret Mission
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.